David Fry -- the final holdout in the 41-day occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge's headquarters in Harney County, Oregon -- surrendered to authorities Thursday, according to audio heard on a live telephone call transmitted from the scene.    [Previous story, posted at 2:12 p.m. ET] The 41-day standoff at an Oregon wildlife refuge took a dramatic turn Thursday when three of the four remaining occupiers surrendered, according to David Fry, the last occupier. Fry, speaking on a live streamed phone call, said he was the last holdout. Fry abruptly decided against coming out of the federal Malheur Wildlife Refuge's headquarters in Harney County, Oregon, and contended that his grievances have not been addressed, according to the audio stream on YouTube. His decision came after the armed occupiers indicated they would turn themselves in Thursday morning, hours after federal agents arrested Cliven Bundy, the father of protest leader Ammon Bundy. Ammon Bundy has already been arrested in the standoff. Oregon siege: What the armed group wants and why A Facebook page for Cliven Bundy's ranch announced that Bundy -- who came to the national spotlight in a fight with the federal Bureau of Land Management over grazing rights for his cattle in 2014 -- was heading to Oregon earlier Wednesday. "It's time," the post said. "Cliven Bundy is headed to the Harney County Resource Center in Burns Oregon." Bundy was taken into federal custody in Portland, Oregon, after landing there early Thursday morning, the FBI said. Bundy to appear in court Thursday He was charged with six counts relating to the 2014 standoff with the federal government, according to a criminal complaint filed Thursday in U.S. District Court in Nevada. He was charged with conspiracy to commit an offense against the United States, assault on a federal law officer by use of a deadly and dangerous weapon, interference with commerce by extortion, and obstruction of justice. He was also charged with two counts of  use and carry of a firearm in relation to a crime of violence, the complaint said. He is scheduled to appear in federal court in Portland at 1:30 p.m. (4:30 p.m. ET), prosecutors said. The Bundy ranch's Facebook page posted a statement that Bundy was arrested for charges "related to his standoff with the U.S. Bureau of Land Management in 2014." The post continued, "The charges include a conspiracy charge to interfere with a federal officer ... and a weapons charge." Bundy's son, Ammon, was one of the leaders of the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge's headquarters. He was arrested last month.  News from a conference call During a purported live stream of a conference call Wednesday night between protesters, activists and conservative Nevada lawmaker Michele Fiore, the refuge's current occupiers said they were prepared to leave Thursday morning. The audio was live-streamed on YouTube. Fiore told those on the call that Mike Arnold -- Ammon Bundy's lawyer, who Fiore said was in the car with her -- spoke with the FBI. She said the agency promised it would stand down Wednesday night and allow her to be at an FBI checkpoint Thursday morning when the occupiers turn themselves in.  CNN affiliates based in Portland are reporting that Fiore is on her way to the refuge.  One man who plans to be there is Franklin Graham, the nationally known evangelist and son of legendary preacher Billy Graham, who said he's been talking with "the last four holdouts ... every day by phone for the last week at their request and at the request of the FBI." He wrote Thursday morning on Facebook that he hopes to be at the refuge at 7 a.m. (10 a.m. ET), in time for those inside to come out. "Please keep them, law enforcement officials, and all involved in your prayers, that everyone will be safe," Graham said. Surrounded The live stream started after the FBI surrounded those occupying the refuge. According to the agency, one of the remaining occupiers rode outside barricades at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. When agents tried to approach him, he sped back to the refuge. After that, the FBI said agents "moved to contain the remaining occupiers by placing agents at barricades both immediately ahead of and behind the area where the occupiers are camping." The FBI said no shots were fired, and it is continuing to negotiate with those inside the refuge. "The FBI has negotiated with patience and restraint in an effort to resolve the situation peacefully," said Greg Bretzing, special agent in charge of the FBI's Portland office. "However, we reached a point where it became necessary to take action in a way that best ensured the safety of those on the refuge, the law enforcement officers who are on scene, and the people of Harney County who live and work in this area." 'God has put us on this path' Earlier on the call, the occupiers sounded concerned that the FBI planned to move in Wednesday night and that it would lead to their deaths. At times, they seemed to fatalistically embrace that outcome. When one woman -- presumed to be Fiore -- asked two of them about their families, a man responded, "God has put us on this path. Our families are already taken care of; they weren't in our lives much before all this because God made sure we didn't have that to weigh us down so that we could do this."  The people on the phone could be heard debating conditions for which they'd be willing to leave the refuge.  At one point late Wednesday, more than 66,000 people were listening. Protest leads to armed occupation Thursday marks day 41 of the occupation. Ammon Bundy and others started out demonstrating against the sentencing of Dwight Hammond and his son Steven, ranchers who were convicted of arson on federal lands in Oregon. But a January 2 march supporting the Hammonds led to the armed occupation of the refuge building, with protesters decrying what they call government overreach when it comes to federal lands. Bundy and other members of his group were arrested during an incident along a highway last month. At the same time, law enforcement officers shot and killed LaVoy Finicum, one of the protest group's most prominent members.



The officers are alleged to take bribes to deliver drugs outside of the prisons, according to the officials.  "Allegations range, of course, from smuggling in contraband to our inmates here, but also using their official capacity as officers to protect what they believe to be drug transactions and drug shipments traveling through Georgia," Ricky Myrick, director of the Office of Investigations and Compliance at the Georgia Department of Corrections, told WSB-TV. The indictments will be formally announced at 1 p.m. press conference Thursday in Atlanta.  WSB-TV is reporting that officers raided Dooly State Prison in the early morning, searching the facility for contraband including drugs, cell phones and weapons. A law enforcement official involved in the investigation said the officers would wear their Georgia Department of Corrections uniforms and badges during the drug trafficking operations to avoid law enforcement scrutiny. The guards allegedly believed an undercover FBI agent was actually a drug dealer working with the Mexican cartel. In exchange for showing up in uniform and helping to traffic the drugs, authorities allege the guards were compensated thousands of dollars.  Most of the guards are considered line guards that had direct interaction with inmates, but five were part of an elite tactical unit that recovers contraband in prisons, according to the law enforcement official.  The investigation is part of a larger public corruption investigation into Georgia Correctional Facilities, including the smuggling of contraband cell phones into jails.



Fifty-two people were killed inside Topo Chico prison in Monterrey, Mexico, Nuevo Leon state Gov. Jaime Rodriguez said at a news conference.  Twelve others were injured, including five who are in critical condition, he said. Inmates set fires during the riot, which affected two of the prison's units, the governor said. Local news outlets showed video of flames rising from the prison. The violent event comes just one day before Pope Francis arrives in Mexico, a trip that will include a stop in Ciudad Juarez, a city on the mend after once being known as the murder capital of the world. Relatives want answers The riot at Topo Chico started half an hour before midnight and was under control by 1:30 a.m. (2:30 a.m. ET) Thursday, Rodriguez said.  State and federal forces as well as relatives of inmates amassed outside the site Thursday. Worried family members demanded answers about the fate of their loved ones.  The government said it had not yet identified all of the victims.  "We don't really know what's happening," one woman told reporters. She said her son managed to call her from inside the prison, recounting how once the riot started, he hid for safety in the women's wing of the prison.  Another woman told reporters a similar story -- of her son seeking shelter in the women's wing. "There is a riot, they want to kill us all, come ask for me," the woman said her son told her.   The governor called the riot "unfortunate and painful." Mexico has seen deadly riots and other prison violence in the past.  At the same prison in Monterrey, three inmates were stabbed to death in February 2012.  That same month, 44 inmates were killed and 30 escaped in a riot at a prison in Apodaca, near Monterrey. Security officials blamed the violence on a fierce rivalry between drug cartels inside that prison.  In 2011, the head of security at the Topo Chico prison was found dead and mutilated. Authorities said that a note, presumably from a drug cartel, was left with the body.







Aleppo, Syria (CNN)Years of combat have turned Aleppo's old town into a neighborhood of rubble and dust.  What's left of this once-beguiling maze of narrow alleys and covered souks is a reminder of its tragic location at the heart of Syria's five-year civil war.  The city's once-famous Khan al-Wazir inn lies completely burned out; as we walked through one of its halls, eerie beams of light shone in through the broken windows. On the streets nearby, we glimpsed movement inside buildings that looked, at first glance, to be nothing more than abandoned ruins, revealing that people are still living amid the wreckage. Aleppo is on the demarcation line between the military forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and opposition fighters who have been struggling for years to take his government down.  We had a rare opportunity to reach Aleppo and were accompanied by Syrian troops, giving us a chance to hear directly from a commander on the ground.  His view was that Assad's troops believe they are on the verge of a decisive victory.  He said they are dealing a crushing blow to the opposition -- one that could drastically alter the momentum of this protracted conflict.  Commander: Regime morale high The commander loyal to Assad told us he can't remember a time when morale has been better. He asked that CNN not use his real name, but instead call him Abu Mohammed. "Things have changed drastically," he said. "The insurgents are running away to Turkey. Running from the wrath of the Syrians and our allied troops."  The opposition rebels say they are simply being slaughtered by the Russian air force, Iranian militias and the Syrian military. Russian firepower Assad's forces are grateful for the assistance they say has turned the course of the war in their favor: Russian air power.  The Russian military has been helping Assad's forces, going after a coalition of rebels in the eastern part of the city. "It is only a matter of months till we win, thanks to the Russian support with their airstrikes flown from the Syrian airfield, which will defeat the rebels once and for all," Abu Mohammed said.  The roar of planes overhead is loud and constant. Rattling thuds shake the ground -- the sounds of bombs exploding nearby.  "The rebels are only a few yards away," a sniper told us, explaining that the Syrian military continues to engage in close-quarter firefights with the rebels.  "They often try to sneak up on us but we detect them and they fail." Abu Mohammed, the commander, warned the U.S. not to interfere: "We are steadfast," he insisted.  "You cannot defeat the Syrian army because we are determined to win and we are loyal to President Assad." No respite for war-weary But the new offensive has done little to ease the plight of Aleppo's war-weary residents. It has prompted tens of thousands of people to flee toward the Turkish border; others remain all but trapped in the rebel-held part of Aleppo.  READ: Syrian refugees flood to Turkish border The International Committee of the Red Cross estimates that about 50,000 people have been displaced by the fighting. Some of the supply routes used for delivering aid have been cut, the organization said in a statement.  "The fighting is putting enormous pressure on civilians," said Marianne Gasser, the head of the ICRC delegation to Syria, who is in Aleppo. "The temperatures are extremely low and, without an adequate supply of food, water and shelter, displaced people are trying to survive in very precarious conditions." Water supplies in the city have been cut and residents are having to rely on the Red Cross for water. There are also shortages of fuel and electricity, Gasser said.  On the front line, the Syrian military remains confident. The Syrian government has made major gains around Aleppo and has all but surrounded the various rebel groups, including fighters from al Nusra Front, the al Qaeda affiliate in Syria.  



Now that Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders has proven he's a serious threat to Clinton's bid for the Democratic presidential nomination, the race could get even thornier Thursday night when the two meet for their next debate in Milwaukee.  Here are five things to watch: The race about race Clinton's first post-New Hampshire move was a swift bid to lock in her support among African-Americans.  The campaign dispatched Bill Clinton to Memphis and Chelsea Clinton to Flint, Michigan. It played up an influential state lawmaker's endorsement in South Carolina. And in her Tuesday night concession speech, Clinton issued a call to "break through the barrier of bigotry."  Showing no weakness at all with African-Americans is a crucial part of Clinton's strategy to calm nervous donors and supporters and eventually grind out a clear delegate lead by proving she appeals to the more diverse national Democratic electorate, while Sanders only plays in overwhelmingly white states.  Nightcap: Clinton regroups and refocuses after New Hampshire blowout | Sign up Sanders, meanwhile, is speaking passionately about issues like criminal justice on the stump. He won support in recent days from former NAACP head Ben Jealous and award-winning writer Ta-Nehisi Coates. Clinton's strength with African-American voters will be tested in South Carolina's February 27 primary, but first comes Nevada on February 20. Once a sure thing for Clinton, her campaign is now sweating the state -- which offers Sanders a chance to prove his appeal extends south and west before South Carolina even votes. The two both have clear reason to focus on minority voters -- and that outreach will be a key part of their debate-night strategies.  Revolution meets reality The "political revolution" Sanders has called for is playing out in a way he never expected. No candidate in history has had his ability to go on national television and host a 30-second "fundraiser" by asking people to contribute on his website, and raise $6.3 million in 24 hours.  But as Sanders' pitches for free college tuition, Medicare-for-all health insurance and a $15-an-hour minimum wage have gotten more support, Clinton has grown more frustrated -- dismissing Sanders as unable to get the results he's promising.  This presents a key challenge for Clinton: She needs to challenge Sanders on policy. If she casts his supporters as living in a fantasy-land, she risks alienating them -- turning away the young people she needs to win over and putting herself at risk of looking like the embodiment of the "establishment" she laughs off.  Find your presidential match with the 2016 Candidate Matchmaker How she presses the case that Sanders' policy proposals are unrealistic will offer perhaps the best insight into whether Clinton is truly retooling her message after losing New Hampshire.  Clinton's youth outreach The exit polls showed a number of trouble spots for Clinton's campaign. She lost women. Democratic voters almost unanimously identified Sanders as more trustworthy and in touch with their problems. And she was beaten in every age group except those over 65.  RELATED: Key African-American Clinton backers worry campaign not doing enough to reach younger voters Perhaps the most glaring problem Clinton faces is with young voters. By a 5-to-1 margin, they supported Sanders in New Hampshire.  That's the recipe for a loss, if not in the primary, then in the general election, where Democrats need young voters to turn out.  Clinton's surrogates Madeleine Albright and Gloria Steinem didn't help by criticizing young women not backing the former secretary of state -- throwing more fuel onto a simmering anger -- as traitors to the feminist cause for supporting Sander. Clinton needs a new approach -- and Thursday night will be her first chance to debut it.  Sanders in the spotlight Now that he has proven his ability to win states, Sanders will find himself the subject of much more intense scrutiny.  It's partly Clinton's fault. She didn't even say his name on the campaign trail for months, and her aides -- while arguing they were bracing for a tough primary battle -- did little to publicly damage Sanders.  Now, though, he'll face harsher media scrutiny and tougher attacks from Clinton's allies.  He's shown little appetite to savage Clinton on controversies like her private email use and her hesitation at releasing transcripts of her paid speeches, even with Clinton practically daring him to attack.  But Sanders' most valuable political asset is his credibility -- particularly with young voters. How will he react when such a core element of his political being is called into question?  A sharper Clinton message Sanders' focus on income inequality is, at different times, a strength (such as when to the topic of Wall Street reform comes up) and a weakness (when foreign policy dominates the news).  But give him this: Voters know exactly why he's running.  The same isn't always true of Clinton.  Clinton speeches often feel like a laundry list of specific policy prescriptions to the problems people face. And her biggest critique of Sanders is that his ideas are unattainable in a real-life Congress.  Jim Demers, Barack Obama's 2008 co-chair and an early 2016 Clinton supporter, says message discipline hurt Clinton's New Hampshire campaign. "I actually believe we talked about too many issues," Demers said. "She had a really broad discussion about every issue there was and Bernie Sanders stayed focused on one message. And that resonated." Clinton's campaign knows it needs to end the muddled messages and find a unifying theme of her candidacy -- a simple, forward-looking explanation of why she is running for president. It'll be a focus as Clinton retools after New Hampshire, and Thursday night will be her first chance to try it out.



"One of the individuals that has been with us time and time again has been Hillary Clinton," New York Rep. Gregory Meeks, chair of the Congressional Black Caucus Political Action Committee, told CNN's Carol Costello on "Newsroom." "She has been, her whole career, an individual that has been fighting for issues that are important to the African-American community." Meeks called endorsing Clinton "the right thing to do." "Black folks are not dumb. They come out for individuals that have their best interest at heart," he said. The formal CBC PAC endorsement took place at the Democratic National Committee headquarters, though the DNC itself is neutral in the contest. "(Clinton's) been our partner a long time. We believe she's made a difference and she's helped us and helped this country," Meeks said at the press event. Clinton said she was honored by the endorsement. "I pledge a new and comprehensive commitment to equity and opportunity for communities of color. That means reforming our criminal justice system and rebuilding the bonds of trust between our communities and our law enforcement officials," she said in a statement. "But it also means making major new investments to create jobs, to make it easier to start and grow a small business, to end redlining in housing, and to build reliable public transit systems." Rep. John Lewis, a member of the CBC and civil rights leader in the 1960s, asked after the press event about Sanders' record of involvement with the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, said he didn't recall the Vermont senator's role. During his presidential campaign, Sanders has talked up his history of participation in the civil rights movement. "I never saw him. I never met him," said Lewis. "I was chair of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee for three years, from 1963 to 1966. I was involved with the sit-ins, the Freedom Rides, the March on Washington, the march from Selma to Montgomery and directed to voter education project for six years. But I met Hillary Clinton. I met President Clinton." During the event, North Carolina Rep. G. K. Butterfield sought to distinguish Clinton from Sanders as a candidate with foreign policy experience, achievable goals and an awareness of issues affecting African-Americans.  "We must have a president who is knowledgeable on both domestic and foreign policy," said Butterfield, chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus. "We must have a president who understands the racial divide, not someone who just acquired the knowledge recently." "We need a president who doesn't simply campaign and promise wonderful things -- things that are politically impossible to achieve," he added.  House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called the CBC backing "a very big deal" but stopped short of endorsing Clinton herself during her weekly news conference. Meanwhile, Sanders' backer Rep. Keith Ellison, a CBC member, tweeted, "Cong'l Black Caucus (CBC) has NOT endorsed in presidential. Separate CBCPAC endorsed withOUT input from CBC membership, including me." Clinton received support from 90% of the CBC's political action committee in the vote by the board, and Sanders did not receive any votes. Ellison, however, does not sit on the board and therefore did not get a vote. Nevertheless, the endorsement will likely aid Clinton with a powerful part of the Democratic base as she works to gain momentum following her more than 20-point loss to Sanders in Tuesday's New Hampshire primary. Clinton is looking to rebound in the next contests in Nevada and South Carolina. Both Clinton and Sanders have raced to court minority voters who will play a large role in determining who is the eventual Democratic nominee. Many members of the CBC had already endorsed Clinton, with the notable exception of South Carolina Rep. James Clyburn. But the CBC's timing -- on the heels of Clinton's rough New Hampshire primary -- could mark a change in momentum in favor of the former secretary of state. Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed, a Clinton backer, previewed the case for Clinton. Reed said Thursday on CNN's "New Day" that Sanders has been "dismissive" of President Barack Obama's work helping underprivileged communities. He also questioned the Vermont senator's commitment to the Democratic Party.  "One of the things that has been very troubling to me and to people in the city of Atlanta and folks I talk to in Columbia, South Carolina, is how dismissive Sen. Sanders' message is of the work of President Barack Obama," Reed told CNN's Chris Cuomo. Nightcap: Clinton regroups and refocuses after New Hampshire blowout | Sign up "He talks about college affordability but he never referenced how much President Obama and Democrats put on the line to remove $50 billion from the cost of college," Reed said. Sanders' campaign spokeswoman Symone Sanders rebutted Reed's remarks in an interview later on "New Day," saying the Vermont senator is "supportive of President Obama."  "He has done an amazing job. But what we are saying is the next president of the United States -- and I think the Clinton campaign would agree -- has to build on that success and has to take America to the next level," she said.  Clyburn, who commands a significant political operation in South Carolina where voters will weigh in on February 27, said he will spend the weekend mulling his endorsement.  "I will follow their lead and make a decision sometime soon since they are endorsing today. I did not want to get out in front of them," the No. 3 House Democrat said of the CBC's decision. "I'm going to make my decision based upon past record and future possibilities, because campaigns are about the future, and who can best deliver what I would call a growth of President Obama's foundation that he's laid for all of us to build upon," Clyburn said. READ: Key African-American Clinton backers are worried Though much has been made of the at-times fraught relationship Clyburn has had with the Clintons -- he spoke out in 2008 after Bill Clinton made controversial remarks about Obama during that heated Democratic primary -- the South Carolina congressman said he holds no ill will. The former president was merely defending his spouse, Clyburn said. But the congressman pushed back on critiques that Sanders has disparaged Obama's record. He also disagreed with those who have questioned the Vermont senator's party loyalties since he spent his career as an independent who caucuses with Democrats, rather than as a Democrat. "I don't have anything critical to say about him," Clyburn said. "And I've never looked upon him as being anything other than an independent Democrat. Now, he calls himself a democratic socialist or something of that sort, but he can call himself what he will." Ultimately, Clyburn said, he will support the candidate who has a track record of advocating for the interests of African-Americans.  "We say down in South Carolina all the time that the best way to tell what a person will do is to look at what he or she has done," he said. 



In a three-day period, three officers were killed in the line of duty and another was gravely wounded in shootings around the country, doubling the number of officers who've died by gunfire so far this year. A Colorado sheriff's deputy died after being shot Monday; two sheriff's deputies were killed Wednesday in Maryland; and a police officer shot Wednesday night in North Dakota is not expected to survive, authorities say. Before these deaths were reported, the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund said at least three other U.S. law enforcement officers had died from gunfire in the line of duty this year. Adding the totals together, that would make at least six since January 1. Only one officer's shooting death happened during the same period last year, though at least 42 were fatally shot in 2015 -- a rate of less than one per week -- according to the group. At least 124 officers died in the line of duty last year -- more than two per week -- from all causes, the group said. Below are details of this week's shootings: 2 sheriff's deputies killed in Maryland A gunman shot and killed two deputies Wednesday at a restaurant and outside a nearby apartment complex in eastern Maryland after the officers were called to investigate him, authorities say. Officers went to a Panera Bread restaurant in Abingdon for an investigation late Wednesday morning, according to the Harford County Sheriff's Office. Senior Deputy Patrick Dailey tried to talk to the man, but the man shot Dailey in the head, Sheriff Jeffrey Gahler said. After the gunman fled toward nearby apartments, Senior Deputy Mark Logsdon saw the man sitting in a vehicle near the complex, and the gunman shot and killed Logsdon, police said. Other deputies fired at the gunman, who was pronounced dead at the scene. "It's absolutely devastating to the people who wear this uniform," Gahler said Thursday. "These men are heroes. ... They served this county ... honorably." Dailey was a 30-year veteran of the agency; Logsdon had served 16 years.  Police said the gunman was David Bryant Evans, 67. Gahler said he didn't immediately know why a tipster had asked police to check on Evans, but he added his deputies knew the man was wanted on a warrant out of Florida over an alleged assault of a police officer. Gahler said he believed Evans shot the first deputy because the gunman knew about the warrant and didn't want to be arrested.  Colorado deputy dies days after shooting Also Wednesday, Colorado authorities announced the death of a sheriff's deputy shot in the line of duty two days earlier. Mesa County sheriff's Deputy Derek Geer was shot Monday morning as he tried to detain a man in Grand Junction, authorities said. Greer had responded to a report of a suspicious person with a gun near railroad tracks south of the Interstate 70 business loop, police said. Geer saw someone matching the person's description and tried to detain him, but the person shot him, police said. Authorities said they later arrested a teen they believe shot Geer: Austin Patrick Holzer, 17, of Grand Junction. Holzer was held initially on charges of attempted second-degree murder and possession of a weapon by a previous offender. Fargo police officer shot during home standoff A Fargo, North Dakota, police officer was shot during a standoff at a home there Wednesday night, police said. Officer Jason Moszer is not expected to survive, police Chief Dave Todd told reporters Thursday morning. Moszer was shot after he and other officers went to a Fargo home to investigate a report of a domestic disturbance, police said. The standoff ended when a suspect was found dead, apparently of gunshot wounds, CNN affiliate WDAY-TV reported, citing police. WDAY said it wasn't immediately clear who shot the suspect. California deputy, civilian pilot killed in plane crash Besides this week's gunfire deaths, a California sheriff's deputy and a civilian pilot were killed Wednesday afternoon when the plane they'd been using to help officers on the ground with an arrest crashed near a road in Tulare County. Tulare County sheriff's Deputy Scott Ballantyne, 52, and pilot James Julio Chavez, 45, died when the two-seater plane went down about 65 miles southeast of Fresno. The plane was being used to help deputies on the ground locate suspects, the Tulare County Sheriff's Office said. The duo had just completed a mission in which deputies detained a person who'd brandished a weapon, the office said. The cause of the crash wasn't immediately known. Federal transportation authorities will investigate, the sheriff's office said. Hundreds in 2 Oregon cities mourn slain police officer



Three days after enduring a wild ride in rough seas fired up by 125-mile-per-hour winds, the battered Royal Caribbean ship and its 6,000 people aboard docked in Bayonne, New Jersey. Royal Caribbean, facing scrutiny after the ship sailed into a storm in the Atlantic, apologized to passengers in a statement sent shortly before the ship docked, saying "we have to do better." For roughly 12 hours, passengers of the Anthem of the Seas had hunkered down in their rooms Sunday as the captain of the cruise ship battled rough seas off Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. "It was horrendous," passenger Maureen Peters of Southampton, Massachusetts, told CNN after disembarking. "At one point, I thought I wasn't going to see my family again. I held on to the mattress so I wouldn't fall off the bed." She said it was her first and last cruise. "That boat should have never gone out," she said. The nightmare included four hours when the 1,100-foot long ship was at a 45-degree angle, according to Justin Scerbo, another passenger who was leaving the ship. Royal Caribbean said the ship suffered "superficial damage" to some public areas and cabins but has been repaired and will go back out on its scheduled itinerary next week.  The cruise line said the storm the ship encountered was much worse than predicted. "If we knew that we were going to have those kinds of winds, the winds that we actually experienced with the ship, we would not have sailed into that. No. Absolutely we wouldn't have (left port)," Bill Baumgartner, the senior vice president of global marine operations, told CNN.  Four minor injuries were reported, the cruise line said.  Advance warning A father on the boat said passengers were informed of the storm early in their journey.  "We were told there was some weather. I don't know if he said a storm or not," Asher Lipman told CNN during a phone interview from the ship Wednesday morning. "The captain was either going to outrun it, get ahead of it, so it wasn't going to be a huge impact on us." Lipman was on the Anthem of the Seas with his 10-year-old daughter, Charlotte. His wife, a CNN employee, had been in close contact with him during the ordeal.  Their trip was supposed to be a celebration of Charlotte's birthday, but it quickly turned into a terrifying experience Sunday. Allison Musante and Scerbo were lying face down on the mattress of their bed as the ship listed in the Atlantic Ocean. "It just wouldn't end," Muscante said of the frightful night.   The ship was leaning so much -- Scerbo estimates 45 degrees -- that water from a faucet hit the wall instead of going down the drain. Glasses were tumbling off the counter. Trying to stand brought on severe motion sickness. Musante said that for eight to 10 hours it was really scary. Back in port, the couple said they'll take another cruise in the future -- but not in the near future. "After a vacation from hell, we're good to just be at home," Scerbo said. The couple and Lipman now question the decision to continue on the original itinerary despite the storm.  The company decided Monday afternoon to return to port. "It's a little disappointing. I think a lot of people on the ship share this sentiment that this was a lapse in judgment on either Royal Caribbean's part or the captain's part," he said.  Calls for government inquest He's not alone. Fewer than 24 hours after the incident,  Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida called for an National Transportation Safety Board investigation. "The thing about this storm was that it was forecast for days. So why in the world would a cruise ship with thousands of passengers go sailing right into it?" Nelson said from the Senate floor Monday. "I want the (NTSB) to come up with answers very quickly and make an admonition to mariners: When the storm is brewing, you don't go out of port." As early as Thursday, the National Weather Service's ocean prediction center in Washington forecast winds of 46 to 57 mph and 23- to 31-foot seas on Sunday night in the area where the ship encountered the storm, CNN meteorologist Jennifer Gray said. Nelson's office says it wants the NTSB to take a hard look into why ships such as the Anthem of the Seas are venturing into such extreme weather.     The NTSB, meanwhile, released a statement saying the incident involved a Bahamian-flagged ship in international waters, and "we are actively engaged with our U.S. and international partners to determine what would be the best course of action, in accordance with established international protocols." The agency acknowledged that it had received Nelson's request that it review the "incident as part of its investigation into the El Faro accident," in which a Florida-based cargo ship traveled into a hurricane and sunk near the Bahamas in October.   "The Anthem of the Seas incident may provide us an additional opportunity to learn best practices that cruise line operators employ for operating in heavy weather," the NTSB said.  Cruise line will change storm avoidance policy As a result of the incident, Royal Caribbean will be "strengthening its storm avoidance policy." The cruise line will also hire more support personnel in its Miami office, he said. He promised a thorough review that will help identify ways of "expecting the unexpected" in future storm decisions. He added that the captain, who has more than 15 years of experience, is "very concerned" about what happened. Passengers will receive a refund for their trouble plus a voucher for 50% of what they spent to be used toward a future cruise fare, Royal Caribbean tweeted. 



Then the city said the boy's death was his own fault. And now Cleveland has charged the Rice family for his final ambulance ride. That latest development, coming on Wednesday nearly 15 months after Tamir's death, stirred up fresh outrage -- not just from his family, but from the Cleveland police union that's fought them tooth and nail to clear the officers involved in the shooting. "Subodh Chandra and I have never agreed on anything until now," police union President Steve Loomis told CNN affiliate WJW, referring to the Rice family's lawyer. "It is unconscionable that the city of Cleveland would send that bill to the Rice family. "Truly disappointing, but not at all surprising." 'Adds insult to homicide' Predictably, Chandra had his own harsh words. "The callousness, insensitivity and poor judgment required for the city to send a bill ... is breathtaking," Chandra said. "This adds insult to homicide." He said Samaria Rice feels the $500 claim and invoice for her son's ambulance ride amount to harassment. In December, a grand jury declined to indict the two responding police officers in the case. A federal review of the case is ongoing, and the Rice family is still pressing its case, including with a wrongful death lawsuit against the city of Cleveland. The city, in its 41-page response to that suit, claimed Tamir died because he failed "to exercise due care to avoid injury."  On Wednesday, it had little to say about the ambulance charge. "This is ongoing litigation, and we do not comment on ongoing litigation," city spokesman Dan Williams said. Believing boy had real gun, police shoot him in seconds It all goes back to November 22, 2014, when Tamir was in a park yards from his Cleveland home. Surveillance video showed him walking back and forth -- all alone, it seemed -- occasionally pointing his pellet gun. One man noticed him and phoned 911. "The guy keeps pulling it in and out," the caller said of the toy gun. "It's probably fake. But you know what, he's scaring the s**t out of people." The part about the gun probably not being real never filtered down to police. Instead, a police car rapidly pulled up on snow-covered grass near a gazebo in the park, two officers got out, and one of them -- fearing, according to his defenders, the boy would fire -- shot Tamir within two seconds. Police claimed Timothy Loehmann, an officer in training, "shouted verbal commands" from inside the car, but witnesses did not back up that statement, according to a Cuyahoga County Sheriff's Department report. Tamir's family soon got word, rushing to the scene. "As I was trying to get through to my son, the police told me to calm down or they would put me in the back of a police car," Samaria Rice recalled to reporters.  She complied, but Tamir's 14-year-old sister did end up handcuffed and in the back of a patrol car after police officers "tackled" her, her mother and a family lawyer said. Tamir, meanwhile, was put in an ambulance and rushed to the hospital. He died the next day.



